hey everybody it's your boy you're
Rogers and this is another episode of
skate line yes oh my god yes I'm on this
show okay okay hi oh my god this is a
dream come true do a spin is my turn all
right I'll let spin oh okay 300 just
Gary gettin eggs oh yes there's an X on
the board all right forget it I'm gonna
just go for it I'm almost positive I
know this one are you sure you want to
guess it I got this one trust me why is
it guy Mari on the skate of the year
2012 no no Gary I'm sorry the answer was
fixed ah if I'm eating safe spaghetti
you feel me I'm giving my noodles I'm
you know I'm saying I'm like I got the
meatballs they separate you hurt so I
got to go into the meatball if my
meatball so happens to roll off my fork
I got five seconds to be like a meatball
cuz in skateboarding there's a
five-second rule you gotta let me be
able to roll even if you like fall
completely five seconds it's good
everybody gets the point
I'm a count ready this we just gonna do
like this cuz I was gonna be like hey
what do y'all think but I feel like if
we just count together you feel me we
can see if this five seconds ready you
already fell Charles on the barracks
this week and not even miss Cleo's
crystal ball could predict this I
was about to see Richy Jackson William
Spencer turn it up just a whole lot but
you niggas have to go get high on LSD
and watch CSI to do the y'all dude
I can see it right now y'all both on the
couch sitting there like a Brewer look
at that I guarantee if you bounce
off that caution tape under that car
window what I do just flew off the car
and died on the sidewalk
you've probably grind across this
door cuz the window got blasted
out after you got shot in the face and
then you could go down the hill
backwards and land on both those whoo I
bet you the cops will be like yeah I'm
at this crime scene with all these dead
niggas but I see something this shocking
says who one scared of the air this year
[Music]
what up Josh Kayla's here welcome to
who's more ghetto brought to you by DG
K's new film entitled parental advisory
let's meet our contestants
first up coming all the way from the LBC
homeless Snoop Doggy Dogg is Derek
Wilson Long Beach is the coming in hot
from skate line is Gary Rogers he's
well-known for his credit card in the
bacon destroy video but this anyway is
going down I'm gonna ask a few simple
questions
what's hood what was not so let's get
this thing rolling first question how do
you cook collard greens there first you
get the Greens you gotta wash them off
first so yeah soluble in the water right
and then seasoning oh that's wrong man
you just get grandma to cook them then
you know they ain't up all right
next question
so when you go to a restaurant
apparently there's two forks that come
with your meal what's that other fork do
ya know about what fork but I know I
keep the knife in the middle of the
letter nigga no I'm serious actually I
picked the knife up to stab it and let
it stand up let a nigga know it would a
spout
come on what is the first line on Snoop
Dogg's gin and juice on there with so
much drama in the LBC it's kind of hard
being a snoop d-o-double-g but somehow
someway
keep coming up with funky ass like
every single day you got it all right
next question who's your favorite girl
on Sex in the City
my favorite girl that I ever had sex
with in the city was like like it was
like the show in the final question for
the 9th what club do you use to get out
of a sand trap Derek oh
oh no the like golf clubs run by numbers
or something I ate like I want to say
like the fattest one is that like the
zero right in the winner of who's more
ghetto mom named Kayla's like guy Figgy
right now and this is good night from
State lining
oh my god I'm pretty sure you could have
put like three solid ass bangers in
there and everybody would have peed I
was thinking like this is a good idea
I'm gonna put my on the chain this
right here is my baby shoot and like
this is the first shape that ever came
on my body
[Music]